and he charged through the playoffs and
led your San Francisco 49ers to the
Super Bowl please welcome the pride of
Turlock California 49ers quarterback
number seven
while we have the rain I got going on
that 187 miles an hour I'm sure if you
asked him it was at least 97 or and and
Sergio Romo may confirm a higher than 90
Center I think the Sergio Ramos a 114
I'm not quite sure he is prepared for
that well my lord what an arm well and
then he once had dreams of being a major
league pitcher tonic a Burnout my son
caught of it at the University of Bath
and he said he had a big league arm and
he obviously has proved that towards the
legs for common Kapernick of the 49ers
who at one time wanted who they could
take them out right here at AT&T Park
tonight the Giants and the Marlins
coming up the down at Comcast SportsNet
Studios for an update we'll be right
back
Hey watch out for the Giants they making
a comeback right smoking before the 2013
all-star game as well get on